Add new tag to explain python environments (#1344)
python-discord/bot: bot/resources/tags/enviroments.md

**Python Enviroments**

> The main purpose of Python [virtual environments](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#venv-def) is to create an isolated environment for Python projects. This means that each project can have its own dependencies, such as third party packages installed using `pip`, regardless of what dependencies every other project has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main purpose of Python [virtual environments](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html#venv-def) is to create an isolated environment for Python projects. This means that each project can have its own dependencies, such as third party packages installed using pip, regardless of what dependencies every other project has.
```

> To see the current enviroment in use by python you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the current environment in use by Python, you can run:
```

```py
>>> import sys
>>> print(sys.executable)
/usr/bin/python3
```

> To see the enviroment in use by `pip` you can do `pip debug`, or `pip3 debug` for linux/macOS. The 3rd line of the output will contain the path in use. I.E. `sys.executable: /usr/bin/python3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the environment in use by pip, you can do `pip debug` (`pip3 debug` for Linux/macOS). The 3rd line of the output will contain the path in use e.g. `sys.executable: /usr/bin/python3`.
```

> If the python's `sys.executable` doesn't match pip's then they are currently using different enviroments! This may cause python to raise a `ModuleNotFoundError` when you try to use a package you just installed with pip, as it was installed to a different enviroment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Python's `sys.executable` doesn't match pip's then they are currently using different environments! This may cause Python to raise a `ModuleNotFoundError` when you try to use a package you just installed with pip, as it was installed to a different environment.
```

Further reading:  

> • [Real Python's primer on Python Virtual Environments](https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• [Python Virtual Environments: A Primer](https://realpython.com/python-virtual-environments-a-primer)  
```
